# 2022-08-29

**I am going to try to take better regular notes on this**

Today was a major pain point. It is very frustrating to not really have the fundamental knowledge that is required in order to do these things swiftly. There are no uNRAID templates for any of the big CRM companies so I have been mucking around trying to install docker containers myself and it wasn't working. I probably have maybe 10 hours into messing around with it. I'm getting some help tonight, but I have a few key #takeaways that I want to get down. These may be misunderstandings or they may not be but as of today this is where my head is at.

1. Containerization has it's place, but it is not the only way to do things. As I was evaluating the different software it became apparent that a vm was going to make more sense. Since the CRM doesn't rely on any of my other docker containers that I use for whatever else I do, it made sense to give this vm some resources and let it run the app. This actually simplifies things.
2. Docker compose files .env files are used to store data of the variables in the docker compose file. This means that the docker.compose file is calling the .env file for the value rather than mucking around with editing the fields in the longer file.

#painpoint I'm still having trouble with github. I have a stf repo setup but can't figure out how to push these files to it. #solved the key is to publish to github, not to initialize the repo. It also takes some time and you have to leave a comment in line one of the file that gets created when you try to publish

had a promising run at installing my first lamp environment, but then was stymied because I don't know how to copy text from putty into the ssh terminal on my laptop. I have to figure out where insert is. I don't want to look that shit up tonight.